= MediaWiki RightScale Components

== DESCRIPTION:

This cookbook provides a set of chef recipies that you can use to install,
configure, and maintain MediaWiki on RightScale.

The recipes in this cookbook are not tied to a particular ServerTemplate,
but can be used in various combinations with other RightScale chef recipes.

CloudOpt developed and uses these recipes internally and does not offer any
support, maintenance, or guarantee of fitness for any purpose.  Use these 
recipes at your own risk.

== USE:

Add mediawiki_install to the boot scripts for your ServerTemplate and set
the MEDIAWIKI inputs.  Add mediawiki_first_time_config to the operational
scrips for your ServerTemplate.

If you already have a MediaWiki database, install it on the server, either
manually, or by using RightScale database manager recipes such as
db::do_primary_restore, db::do_secondary_restore, or db::do_dump_import.
This script installs MediaWiki and creates a LocalSettings.php file, but
does not configure the database.

If you need to configure a new MediaWiki database, run the
mediawiki_first_time_config operational script.  This script configures
a new MediaWiki database and updates the LocalSettings.php file as 
necessary.

== REQUIREMENTS:

This recipe installs only MediaWiki.  You must satisfy the normal 
dependencies for MediaWiki by adding recipes to your ServerTemplate that
install a database, PHP, and a web server.  The RightScale LAMP 
ServerTemplate is a good base on which to add MediaWiki.

* The RepoPath for the ServerTemplate that uses these recipes must include 
the rightscale_cookbooks repository.

== COOKBOOKS DEPENDENCIES:

Please see the <tt>metadata.rb</tt> file for the current dependencies.

== KNOWN LIMITATIONS:

This recipe does not perform first-time configuration of the MediaWiki
database.

Please see the <tt>metadata.rb</tt> file for the current list of supported
operating systems.

== SETUP:

* Place the <tt>cloudoptimizer::install_mediawiki</tt> recipe into your 
  runlist to install and set up MediaWiki.

= LICENSE:

Copyright CloudOpt, Inc. All rights reserved.